Chumley: LAST TIME
ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"
Camula: IF YOU WIN,
YOU GET CROWLER'S
SOUL BACK
AND I'LL BE ON MY WAY.
BUT IF I WIN,
I GET YOUR SOUL,
YOUR SPIRIT KEY...
AND I GET
TO CONTINUE MY QUEST
TO UNLEASH THE THREE
SACRED BEASTS!
DUEL!
NOW... LASER DRAGON!
LET LOOSE...
BLUE LIGHTENING BLAST!
[SCREAMING]
ALL RIGHT!!!
HOW DARE YOU!
CYBER END DRAGON,
DESTROY HIM!
[GRUNTING]
HMM. AT LAST, DARLING,
YOU'RE ALL MINE.
A TAD SMALLER...
AND A SMIDGE LESS
TALKATIVE...
BUT A DARLING TROPHY
NONETHELESS.
CAMULA...HERE I COME...
SO GET SET...
TO GET YOUR GAME ON!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
TWO OF THE SEVEN GATES
HAVE BEEN UNLOCKED...
YOU DISAPPOINT ME.
YOUR "EXCELLENT"
DUELISTS ONLY
EXCEL AT LOSING!
WHY DON'T YOU GIVE
UP AND SURRENDER
THE FIVE REMAINING
KEYS NOW?
IT'S NOT OVER.
AND IF I KNOW
MY STUDENTS...
THEY'LL NEVER GIVE UP...
NO MATTER WHAT THE ODDS.
I MEAN AFTER ALL, THEY'VE
COME TO THIS ISLAND TO
BE CHAMPIONS.
AND THEY'LL END UP
VICTIMS.
MY VAMPIRE IS READY
TO FEED AGAIN...
HA HA HA!
JADEN...GET WELL...
AFTER ALL, WITH MY BROTHER
STILL UNCONSCIOUS
AND ZANE'S SOUL STOLEN...
WE'LL NEED ALL THE HELP
WE CAN GET TO FIGHT
THE SHADOW GAMES
AND THAT VAMPIRE, CAMULA.
ATTICUS?!
OHH!
Syrus: COME ON,
PROFESSOR BANNER,
YOU HAVE TO DUEL
THAT VAMPIRE!
I MEAN, YOU'RE
A SHADOW GAMES EXPERT!
YEAH, NOT ONLY
THAT...
YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
OUT HERE
THAT'S WEARING
GARLIC AFTERSHAVE!
I CAN'T DUEL!
WHO WILL TAKE CARE
OF MY CAT?!
PHARAOH HAS A VERY
SPECIFIC DIET!
DON'T WORRY ABOUT
IT,
THIS IS CLEARLY
A JOB
FOR CHAZZ PRINCETON
ANYWAY!
IF YOU MEAN FEEDING
THE CAT,
I THINK
YOU'RE RIGHT.
Alexis: THE CAVALRY'S HERE!
WE DON'T NEED BANNER
WHEN WE'VE GOT... JADEN!
HUH?
WHAT'S UP!
FOR THE LAST TIME.
YOU CAN'T!
Chazz: YEAH, YOU'RE
STILL HURT, SLACKER!
IT'S TRUE.
MAYBE...BUT...
SEE...WE WERE BACK
AT THE HOSPITAL...
OH! YOU'RE FINALLY AWAKE!
ALEXIS...I NEED TO
TELL YOU ABOUT HER.
THE VAMPIRE KNOWN
AS CAMULA.
YOU CANNOT DEFEAT
HER LIKE THE OTHERS.
BUT WHY NOT?
SHE HAS A SHADOW
CHARM THAT
GIVES HER...
THE POWER TO STEAL
SOULS--
I'M SURE YOU'VE
SEEN HER USE IT
ALREADY...
BUT YOU CAN STOP HER
WITH ANOTHER CHARM.
IF WE CAN STOP HER
STEALING SOULS,
WE CAN DUEL HER
WITH ALL OUR MIGHT.
RATHER THAN
JUST STANDING
THERE SCARED.
DOESN'T SCARE ME.
SPEAK FOR YOURSELF.
SO WE FIGHT
FIRE WITH FIRE!
WE'VE GOT OUR
OWN SHADOW CHARM!
COMPLIMENTS OF ATTICUS!
ALRIGHT, CAMULA, LET'S GO!
I'M HERE FOR MY
FRIENDS' SOULS!
AND I'M NOT LEAVIN'
'TIL I GET 'EM!
[SCREECHING]
ACTUALLY, TRUTH BE
TOLD, DEAR...
YOU'RE NOT LEAVING
HERE EVER AGAIN--
NOT A SINGLE ONE
OF YOU ARE!
ALRIGHT, CAMULA!
GET YOUR GAME ON!
AND I MEAN ON
HIGH, CAMULA!
CUZ WHEN SOMEONE
DUELS MY PALS,
AND TURNS THEIR SOULS
INTO SOME DOLLS...
IT PUTS ME
IN A BAD MOOD!
AND LET ME TELL
YOU SOMETHING...
I DON'T CARE!
MAYBE THIS WILL
CHANGE YOUR MIND!
POLYMERIZATION!
I FUSE ELEMENTAL
HEROES AVIAN,
SPARKMAN,
AND BUBBLEMAN.
NOW INTRODUCING...
ELEMENTAL HERO
TEMPEST!
HYAH!
WOW! WHAT A WAY
TO START THE DUEL!
JADEN WANTS TO
END THIS QUICKLY!
AND WITH TEMPEST
OUT THERE,
HE JUST MIGHT BE
ABLE TO DO IT!
I WOULDN'T COUNT
CAMULA OUT JUST YET.
YES, AFTER ALL,
WE'VE SEEN
HOW STRONG
HER CARDS CAN BE--
ESPECIALLY THAT
ILLUSION GATE!
WE'LL JUST HAVE TO HOPE
SHE DOESN'T GET
A CHANCE TO PLAY IT.
Jaden: LAST,
I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN.
LET'S SEE
WHAT YOU GOT!
WELL, WELL.
IF YOU'RE IN SUCH
A HURRY TO LOSE,
ALRIGHT...I PLAY...
HEH HEH HEH!
ILLUSION GATE!
IT HAD TO BE
THAT ONE...
I'M SURE YOU REMEMBER
ITS EFFECTS.
TO BEGIN, ALL MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD ARE
INSTANTLY DESTROYED.
THEN I GET TO SUMMON
ANY MONSTER YOU'VE PLAYED!
AND ALL I NEED PAY
FOR ALL OF THIS...
IS A SOUL TO
THE SACRED BEASTS
SHOULD I HAPPEN
TO LOSE THIS DUEL.
NOW, WHO'S GOING TO
BE THE LUCKY ONE...?
[SCREAMING]
[COUGHING]
OH, DEAR ME,
THIS DECISION
IS JUST FAR
TOO HARD TO MAKE...
WHY DON'T I JUST PUT ALL
YOUR FRIENDS AT STAKE?
WHAT?! ALL OF THEM?!
NEVER UNDERESTIMATE...
THE POWER OF THE SHADOW.
WITH THIS NECKLACE,
I CAN DO ANYTHING!
OHH!
HUH?
[MOANING]
HUH? OHH!
WHAT HAPPENED?!
JADEN'S SHADOW CHARM
CANCELLED THE POWER
OF HER NECKLACE!
JUST IN TIME!
I THOUGHT WE WERE
ALL DONE FOR!
AAH!
[THINKING]
THANKS ATTICUS,
COULDN'TA DONE IT
WITHOUT YA!
LOOKS LIKE IF YOU
STILL WANT TO USE
ILLUSION GATE,
YOU'LL HAVE TO DO
SOME SOUL SEARCHING
WITHOUT MY FRIENDS!
SO WHADAYA SAY YOU
PUT THAT CHEATIN'
CARD AWAY
AND GET ON
WITH THIS DUEL!
I THINK NOT!
ILLUSION GATE!
OPEN YOUR DOORS AND ACCEPT
MY SOUL AS THE SACRIFICE!
AND NOW, UNLEASH
YOUR POWERS
UPON THE FIELD!
AW, TEMPEST!
OH DON'T WORRY YOU'LL
SEE HIM AGAIN SOON...
BUT HE'LL BE
FIGHTING FOR ME!
HYAH!
NEXT I'LL SUMMON
ZOMBIE WEREWOLF
IN ATTACK MODE!
[GROWLS]
NOW, ELEMENTAL HERO
TEMPEST, ATTACK JADEN!
[GROANING]
[GASP]
AND I'M NOT
DONE YET...
NOW...ZOMBIE WEREWOLF!
ATTA--
HYAH!
TEMPEST?
WHAT IS WRONG?
HA HA HA!
HUH?
GUESS HE DOESN'T
LIKE HIS NEW BOSS!
BUT YOU CAN FORGET
THE TWO WEEK NOTICE,
I THINK I'LL JUST PLAY
MY TRAP CROSS HEART!
AND THAT PUTS TEMPEST
BACK ON MY SIDE!
WHAT?
HYAH!
OHH!
GO AHEAD
AND TAKE HIM BACK!
I WILL STILL WIN!
LOOKS LIKE
JADEN'S...LEARNED
A FEW NEW TRICKS.
I HOPE SO!
THERE'S MORE WERE
THAT CAME FROM!
ALRIGHT...TIME TO
TEACH THAT WEREWOLF POOCH
A FEW NEW TRICKS!
LIKE HOW TO PLAY DEAD!
[HOWLING]
HEH HEH HEH!
HOW QUICKLY YOU FORGET!
WHEN YOU DESTROY
MY WEREWOLF,
ANOTHER ONE COMES
FROM MY DECK
WITH A LITTLE SURPRISE...
500 MORE ATTACK POINTS!
[HOWLS]
MAYBE A FACEDOWN...
WILL TAME 'IM!
[THINKING]
FOOL...YOU HAVE MUCH
MORE TO WORRY ABOUT
THAN JUST HIM...
THIS NEXT TURN
SHOULD PROVE THAT...
I PLAY THE SPELL
POT OF GREED!
NOW I MAY DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS!
HEH HEH HEH!
JADEN...TELL ME...
DO YOU KNOW
THE ONLY THING WORSE
THAN A VAMPIRE MISTRESS?
A VAMPIRE MISTRESS
WITH A GRUDGE!
GOOD BYE, MY WEREVOLF!
I SACRIFICE YOU TO
SUMMON...VAMPIRE LORD!
AND NOW I'LL REMOVE HIM
FROM PLAY TO SUMMON FORTH...
VAMPIRE GENESIS!
[GROWLS]
DIDJA SEE THAT?!
UNFORTUNATELY!
ATTACK POINTS...
AND A POWERFUL
SPECIAL ABILITY, TO BOOT.
JADEN WILL HAVE HIS
WORK CUT OUT FOR HIM.
Camula: NEXT I'LL USE
THE SPELL CARD
GENESIS CRISIS!
NOW EVERY TURN...
A ZOMBIE-TYPE MONSTER
IS TRANSFERRED
DIRECTLY FROM MY DECK
AND INTO MY HAND!
AND WITH VAMPIRE GENESIS...
I CAN DISCARD THAT MONSTER
TO THE GRAVEYARD TO
SUMMON ANOTHER ONE!
IT CAN BE
ANY ZOMBIE MONSTER,
AS LONG AS IT IS
A LOWER LEVEL!
SO I'LL BE DISCARDING
RYU KOKKI TO BRING BACK
VAMP'S BEST FRIEND:
ZOMBIE WEREVOLF!
NOW, IF I RECALL...
YOUR ELEMENTAL HERO
CANNOT BE DESTROYED
IN BATTLE,
AS LONG AS YOU
SACRIFICE
ONE OF THE OTHER CARDS
ON YOUR FIELD.
AND IT SEEMS
YOU HAVE ONE.
PITY IF SOMETHING
SHOULD HAPPEN TO IT...
LIKE FOR EXAMPLE:
IF IT DISAPPEARED...
DUE TO MY GIANT TRUNADE!
OHH!
HOW'D SHE KNOW
T'DO THAT?!
I DON'T KNOW.
CAMULA KNOWS OUR DECKS
BETTER THAN ANY ONE.
AND WHAT'S MORE...
SHE'S CALCULATED
A PERFECT STRATEGY
AGAINST THEM!
SO ISN'T THE VILLAIN
SUPPOSED TO TELL
THE CHARMING HERO
HOW SHE DID IT?
CUZ I'M ALL EARS!
YOU DIDN'T
THINK MY BATS...
WERE JUST
FOR DECORATION DID YOU?
THEY WERE SPYING ON EACH
AND EVERY ONE OF YOU!
OHH!
HA HA HA!
AND JUST AS THEY
TOLD ME THE WEAKNESSES
OF YOUR PATHETIC
LITTLE FRIENDS,
CROWLER AND ZANE...
THEY TOLD ME YOURS!
YOU CAN'T WIN!
AND NOW!
VAMPIRE GENESIS,
GO AND ATTACK
THAT TEMPEST!
CRIMSON STORM!
[GRUNTING]
SO MUCH FOR THAT
ELEMENTAL HERO TEMPEST.
NOW JADEN'S OUT THERE
LIKE A SITTING DUCK!
AND I THINK THAT
ZOMBIE WEREWOLF
LIKES DUCK--
THIS COULD BE IT, GUYS!
THIS IS VERY
ANTI-LISHUS!
HA HA HA!
YOU'RE THROUGH!
ZOMBIE WEREWOLF
ATTACK JADEN DIRECTLY!
[HOWLING]
[ALL GASP]
[GROANING]
WELL?! FALL DOWN!
YOU SHOULD HAVE
NO MORE LIFE POINTS LEFT!
HA HA HA!
GUESS AGAIN, CAMULA!
HOW IS THIS?!
INSURANCE IS HOW!
WHEN YOU SENT THIS
FACEDOWN CARD
BACK TO MY HAND,
ITS EFFECT
WENT OFF,
AND I GOT 500
LIFE POINTS
JUST IN TIME!
I SEE.
HOW FORTUNATE FOR YOU.
BUT YOU JUST POSTPONE
THE INEVITABLE.
I ACTIVATE THE MAGIC
OF GENESIS CRISIS!
AND NOW I'LL ADD
YET ANOTHER ZOMBIE MONSTER
FROM MY DECK
TO MY HAND!
OHH.
JADEN'S HANGING ON...
BUT STILL, CAMULA HAS
WAY MORE LIFE POINTS
THAN HIM...
FOR SURE...
SHADOW CHARM OR NOT
HOW COULD WE EVER
LET HIM DUEL CAMULA?
HE'S JUST NOT AT
THE TOP OF HIS GAME!
WE MIGHT AS WELL
HAND OVER
OUR SPIRIT KEYS
RIGHT NOW!
Bastion:
THERE'S ALWAYS HOPE.
BUT I ADMIT,
WITH THAT VAMPIRE GENESIS...
AND THAT GENESIS CRISIS
ON THE FIELD,
THERE ISN'T MUCH OF IT.
LET'S BARGAIN
WITH HER--
MAYBE PUT HER
IN TOUCH WITH
THE LOCAL BLOOD BANK?
I THINK THIS IS
BIGGER THAN
THAT, PROFESSOR,
I MEAN SURE...
VAMPIRES CRAVE BLOOD...
BUT I THINK
THIS ONE CRAVES OUR
SPIRIT KEYS A LOT MORE!
PATHETIC MORTAL...
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT I CRAVE...
CENTURIES AGO, THE VAMPIRES VERE
A PROUD AND PEACEFUL RACE.
WE LIVED IN HARMONY WITH OUR
MORTAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS...
THAT IS...UNTIL
THE DARK TIMES....
UNTIL THE WAR...
NO ONE KNEW WHO STRUCK FIRST...
BUT THE FIGHTING WAS FIERCE.
NEITHER SOLDIER NOR CHILD WAS
SPARED THE HORROR
AS HATRED DECIMATED BOTH
OUR PEOPLES.
I, THE LAST OF MY RACE, HAD NO
CHOICE BUT TO GO INTO HIDING.
FOR YEARS I SLEPT.
A COFFIN AS MY HOME.
THEN A STRANGER APPROACHED.
THE DARK POWER OF SHADOW
COURSED THROUGH HIS VEINS.
HE OFFERED ME A CHOICE:
SPEND AN ETERNITY IN MY TOMB,
OR ACCEPT HIS SHADOW CHARM
AND JOIN HIS QUEST
FOR THE SACRED BEAST CARDS.
FOR EACH DUELIST THAT
I WOULD BEAT IN BATTLE...
THEIR SOUL WOULD BE MINE!
WHICH I WOULD USE TO RESURRECT
MY DEFEATED ARMY OF VAMPIRES,
AND WE WOULD SUCK OUR REVENGE
FROM THE BLOATED
VEIN OF HUMANITY!
WOW, A LITTLE TOO MUCH
INFORMATION THERE.
SO IF I GO DOWN
RIGHT NOW,
YOU'LL GET MY KEY
AND MY SOUL TO START
A VAMPIRE ARMY?!
YOU'RE SMART
FOR A MORTAL.
PERHAPS YOU'LL DO US
BOTH A FAVOR
AND JUST GIVE UP, JADEN.
I WILL MAKE IT PAINLESS...
LADY, IF YOU THINK
THAT I'M GONNA
GIVE UP...
YOU REALLY HAVE
GONE BATTY!
[THINKING]
ALRIGHT,
IT'S DOWN TO THIS...
SO HERE GOES...
SOMETHIN'!
SWEET! I'M
STARTIN' WITH...
MY POT OF GREED!
UNH!
OR IN THIS CASE,
POT 'A NEED...
CUZ THAT'S JUST
WHAT I GOT!
I PLAY DARK FACTORY
OF MASS PRODUCTION,
THIS LETS ME TAKE
TWO MONSTERS
FROM THE GRAVEYARD
AND PUT 'EM RIGHT
BACK IN MY HAND!
HMM. NOW I
ACTIVATE...THIS!
FUSION GATE!
YOU CAN FORGET ABOUT
POLYMERIZATION...
THIS BABY LET'S ME
FUSION SUMMON
WITHOUT IT!
SO WHAT!
SO CHECK OUT AVIAN
'N' BURSTINATRIX!
OR SHOULD I SAY
ELEMENTAL
HERO FLAME WINGMAN!
THERE'S MORE!
I'M FUSIN' WINGMAN
AND SPARKMAN
TO MAKE SOMTHIN'
EVEN BETTER!
TWO FUSIONS?!
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL HERO
SHINING FLARE WINGMAN!
AAH!
[GASP]
HMM.
ALRIGHT
FLARE WINGMAN!
NOW LET'S GET OUR
PALS' SOULS BACK!
FLARE WINGMAN?!
BUT YOU'VE NEVER USED
THAT CARD
IN YOUR DECK BEFORE!
YOU HAVE TO BE CHEATING--
YOU PUT IT IN THERE
WHEN I WASN'T LOOKING,
DIDN'T YOU?!
UH, YEAH!
BUT, YA KNOW,
I'M NOT SO SURE
THAT'S CHEATING...
I MEAN...
HELLO, CAMULA!
YOU WERE THE ONE
SPYING!
AND ANYWAY, I DIDN'T
EVEN SNEAK IT
IN ANYHOW!
YOU LIE!
NAH NOT REALLY...
I JUST FIGURED
THAT SINCE YOU
WERE ALL ABOUT
THE SHADOWS...
I SHOULD PACK
SOMETHING
THAT'S BRIGHT,
LIKE THE ELEMENTAL HERO
SHINING FLARE WINGMAN!
AND, BOY, IS HE!
CHECK OUT THAT GLOW!
FINE. USE HIM.
WITH JUST 2500 POINTS,
HE STILL WON'T DEFEAT...
VAMPIRE GENESIS!
ACTUALLY, CAMULA,
YEAH HE WILL.
CAUSE FOR EACH
OF MY ELEMENTAL
HEROES
THAT ARE JUST
CHILLIN' AWAY
BACK AT
THE GRAVEYARD...
FLARE WINGMAN GAINS
300 ATTACK POINTS!
THEN MY VAMPIRE...
IS ABOUT TO BITE
THE DUST!
SHINING
FLARE WINGMAN...
SHOW THIS LADY
HOW WE DO THINGS...
BACK
AT DUEL ACADEMY!
ATTAAAAK VAMPIRE
GENESIS WITH
SOLAR FLARE!
AND WHEN VAMPIRE
GENESIS IS NOT
ON THE FIELD...
ALL ZOMBIE
TYPE MONSTERS
YOU HAVE OUT...
ARE DESTROYED!
[GRUNTING]
SORRY...BUT IT TAKES
MORE THAN THAT TO
DEFEAT A VAMPIRE!
GOOD, CUZ I GOT
MORE FOR YA:
FLARE WINGMAN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
AND IT'S BETTER THAN
A WOODEN STAKE!
YOU GET HIT FOR
DAMAGE EQUAL
TO THE ATTACK POINTS
OF THE MONSTER
I JUST DESTROYED!
NO! IT CAN'T BE!
UNH!
AAH!
THAT'S GAME!
HUH?
OHH! LOOK!
IT'S ZANE'S DOLL!
BIG BRO! OHH!
I'M BACK! SUPERB!
NOW GET ME OUT
OF THIS STINKING POCKET!
WHAT, NOW IT'S NOT
GOOD ENOUGH FOR YA?
TALK ABOUT UNGRATEFUL!
IF IT WERE UP TO ME,
YOU WOULD HAVE BEEN
THE CAT'S CHEW TOY!
NEXT TIME...
JADEN!
THE CASTLE IS
FALLING APART!
LET'S GO!
[CROWLER AND CHAZZ
TALKING AT ONCE]
JADEN...YOU DID IT.
AT LAST...
THE NIGHTMARE'S
FINALLY OVER.
THIS ONE, AT LEAST....
CUZ CAMULA WAS JUST THE SECOND
OF THE SHADOW RIDERS...
AND THAT MEANS....
MORE ARE ON THE WAY...